Terms and Conditions as a service provider

1. Acceptance of terms

Your access to and use of click-wedding.ch, click-wedding.com or clickwedding.ch ("the website", "Click-Wedding") and the usage you make of it as a service provider ("the subscription") is subject exclusively to these terms and conditions. You may not use the website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms and conditions. By using the website you are fully accepting the terms, conditions and disclaimers contained in this notice, as well as the global terms and conditions of the whole website. If you do not accept these terms and conditions you must immediately stop using the website. The website is the exclusive property of afidis Sàrl, Switzerland.
The general terms and conditions of the website, even not listed here under, are an integral part of this notice. By accepting this notice, you accept the general terms and conditions of the website as well.

2. Changes to website

afidis Sàrl reserves the right to:

    change or remove (temporarily or permanently) the website or any part of it without notice and you confirm that afidis Sàrl shall not be liable to you for any such change or removal; and
    change these terms and conditions at any time, and your continued use of the website following any changes shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change.

3. Validity of the subscription as a service provider

The subscription request as a service provider on the website is only valid if the present terms and conditions are entirely accepted and if the agreed payments have been totally transmitted in the defined delay. A subscription for which payments would have been done but which does not respect the conditions would not be considered as a valid subscription.
afidis Sàrl reserves the right to reject a subscription which would not suitable for the website ethics ou which come under an abusive usage, without any notification message. Moreover, an approved subscription whose content is completely changed after acceptation can be considered as abusive and thus invalid.

4. Responsibilities

The content of a subscription (inc. text, logos, pictures) is placed under the entire responsability of its author; the website could never be hold as a responsible in anyway. The content has to respect the in effect laws, in particular the copyright and author property ones.

5. Governing law

These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Switzerland and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Swiss courts in Lausanne.

Last modified on 26.09.2013